the santos lagoon has become one of the most important elements of the
Entertainment in this prosperous desert
the inhabitants of the region have learned to survive all the
deficiencies in the region since the railway was built at the end of
19th century two municipalities of durango and one of coahuila have been complemented from
for more than a century mere are working people of great efforts as
alternate
water is scarce aggressive climate
and in recent times the insecurity that was a tough test facing
command
the entertainment being only alternative sense of its existence and in the
football have found an identity that the judgments
winning they lose all in pairs
will reach its third decade of existence and since 1993
a powerful brewing group administered the franchise that has written its history
in our region
surviving day to day for another
santos lagoon has very well defined his hobby
has a particular personality and is expressed in the stands of stadium one
of the most modern football
and stayed so wet they are distinguished by being active subjects in the post
intellectuals speculate
2 sober entrepreneurs who social noble fearful effects and valero
these traits are noted from their concessions is the region of great efforts
that won the desert
where everyone is a warrior
and its court ensure the house of the pain of others this combative and creative spirit
of the lagoons is manifested in everything that makes
for good and bad
that has always been
its total strength